README.md, before:

# geoportail

A new Flutter project.

## Getting Started

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application.

## Dependencies

This project uses the following dependencies (see `pubspec.yaml` for details):

- [`flutter`](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter)
- [`cupertino_icons`](https://pub.dev/packages/cupertino_icons)
- [`google_maps_flutter`](https://pub.dev/packages/google_maps_flutter)
- [`provider`](https://pub.dev/packages/provider)
- (Add any additional dependencies you use)

## Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/Ibraci/geoportail.git
   cd geoportail
   ```

2. **Install dependencies:**

   ```sh
   flutter pub get
   ```

3. **Run the app:**

   ```sh
   flutter run
   ```

## Resources

A few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://docs.flutter.dev/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter development, view the
[online documentation](https://docs.flutter.dev/), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.

Commit message:

Add contribution guide to readme

README.md, after:

# geoportail

A new Flutter project.

## Getting Started

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application.

## Dependencies

This project uses the following dependencies (see `pubspec.yaml` for details):

- [`flutter`](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter)
- [`cupertino_icons`](https://pub.dev/packages/cupertino_icons)
- [`google_maps_flutter`](https://pub.dev/packages/google_maps_flutter)
- [`provider`](https://pub.dev/packages/provider)
- (Add any additional dependencies you use)

## Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/Ibraci/geoportail.git
   cd geoportail
   ```

2. **Install dependencies:**

   ```sh
   flutter pub get
   ```

3. **Run the app:**

   ```sh
   flutter run
   ```

## Contribution

Contributions are welcome! To contribute to this project:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bugfix.
3. Make your changes and commit them with clear messages.
4. Push your branch to your forked repository.
5. Open a pull request describing your changes.

Please ensure your code follows the project's style guidelines and includes appropriate tests and documentation.
